as a beginner there must be a simpler
way to start generating seo traffic
without having to learn all this on-page
code and build links
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down the easiest way
to get more seo traffic
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
as the seo eventually you will have to
learn on-page seo and you'll also have
to learn about link building but when
you're just starting off the key that
you need to remember is content is king
when you have content on your website
you're going to get more traffic when
you don't have content on your website
you're going to get less traffic google
uses that content to put your website
out there so when people type in phrases
around anything related to your website
your content has a higher probability of
showing up so if you're a beginner the
easiest way to generate traffic is to
start writing content but not any
content you have to actually write the
right kind of content and i'm going to
show you how to do that
first off i want you to go to
neilpatel.com
ubersuggest
and i want you to type in a keyword
related to the content you want to write
if you don't know what keyword related
to the content that you want to write
just put in a keyword related to your
industry for example i am in the digital
marketing industry so i just may type in
digital marketing or marketing
and uber suggests we'll load an overview
the overview will show me how many
people are typing in that keyword within
my region my region being the united
states on a monthly basis i can see
roughly how popular that keyword is
and then i can scroll all the way down
to the content
ideas and then i can click view all
content ideas
this will show me all the blog post
ideas related to the term digital
marketing that people are writing on
and as you can see here some of them
aren't that great or relevant some of
them are good and you just scroll down
until
you find something that you're like all
right i would write on this six tips for
making the most out of digital marketing
time nope
uh let's see digital marketing training
nope
free web design
a guy
next 10 jobs nope silent tips
not really interested in writing about
photography
related to digital marketing
uh 30 overused buzzwords in digital
marketing
search engine marketing uh let's see
top 500 social media didn't know
ultimate guide to digital marketing
a hands-on primer
i like this not bad i can actually
create something similar
so then you click the keywords drop down
and you'll start seeing keywords digital
marketing guide marketing guides guide
to digital marketing online marketing
guides
so this is giving me some keyword ideas
on some keywords that i can use what i
want you to do is go to the keyword
ideas report down in the left-hand
navigation
and you see
the term
digital marketing that i just typed in
and if that's one of the phrases cool
what you'll want to do is you'll want to
select it
and then you want to click add to list
and you probably don't have anything
here so you'll want to label your list
and then i'll click a new label
so let's do
digital
marketing
blog post
all right i got a label
add keyword
and this will also give me other terms
related to digital marketing digital
marketing companies probably use a lot
what is digital marketing
um already added digital marketing
let's see just working strategy i should
probably talk about that i should
probably even break down the definition
i should
let's see
talk about how to find freelancers to
help you out maybe i can even talk about
how to find agencies where's agency
i can probably talk about that
um
[Music]
let's see tools i think that's important
people probably want to know about tools
marketing google house related to google
digital marketing google
how to create a blog right digital
marketing blogs
and let me add these to the list
so now that we added some of those
keywords
i also want to type in other keywords
like online marketing was another good
keyword that the article ranked for that
we saw so let's see online marketing
courses
degrees online marketing degrees
uh let's talk about strategies related
to online marketing
let's talk about online marketing tools
let's talk about online marketing videos
let's talk about
learning online marketing or how to
start an online marketing and then i can
just keep going and i'll keep going down
and down and down and then i'll go to
the next page and keep doing this and as
you do this you want to add those
keywords to the list
so i would add it to my digital
marketing blog post list because that's
a blog post i'm writing
on and as you can see here if i go to
keyword list
and then i click on digital marketing
blog posts and i can keep adding more to
it
i now have a list of keywords that can
potentially
it could be included in the blog post
that i'm writing on when it comes to
digital marketing or
a guide to digital marketing how to
learn it and i can include all these
terms in there
so the key to writing content is you
need to include popular keywords if you
don't
then you're not really gonna
rank for anything that can drive traffic
to your website now granted you won't
automatically rank for all these
keywords but you will rank for a portion
of them and the more you include the
higher probability that you'll have to
rank for at least some of them and if
you're including keywords that are
related to your content and you go top
down what i mean by top down we'll go
back to the keyword ideas report when
you're selecting keywords towards the
top and then you keep going down the
ones at the top tend to be more popular
when you also select ones that have a
low seo difficulty score that are in
green those are ones that are easier to
rank for so if you select popular
keywords that are easy to rank for you
have a higher probability of ranking for
those terms and as you write content and
publish it on your website
you have a high probability of getting
more seo traffic now if you do this for
every blog post that you want to write
and you just keep track of your keyword
ideas
list
you'll be better off and the key here is
to create a list for every blog post
that you're trying to create and don't
keep including the same keywords over
and over again what i mean by that is
you don't want to have 10 posts
related to online marketing tools so you
want to keep using new keywords per post
sure there'll be some overlap here and
there but you shouldn't be overlapping
100 of your keywords per post maybe
you're overlapping on 5 or a small
percent and that's fine but the majority
of the keywords per post should be new
so you want to do this exercise each and
every time you write a blog post so that
way you're targeting new keywords
that'll help you generate traffic
that's all you have to do to start
getting more traffic when you're
creating content especially if you're
looking for seo traffic if you enjoyed
this video like it share it tell the
people about it make sure you subscribe
to my channel if you have any questions
leave a comment below and i'll answer it
or if you just want my team to do this
all for you check out my ad agency np
digital or neil patel digital for long
thank you very much for your time